### Problem Scenarios

- Alex who is 19 wants to be able to see all the classes he will need to take in order to graduate in 4 years, he can sse the requirements on GOLD but it seems very confusing and overwelming for him.
- Diana who is 18 wants to be able to see how can they can rearrange their courses and check that her pre-reqs are satisfied so that she can graduate in 3 years
- Nicholas, a 20 year old students, wants to try to graduate early while taking the most optimal classes with the best rated professor each quarter.
- As a UCSB student, I would like my education planner to include a quick copy function so a summary of my course requirements can be easily shared.
- Jim Apple is an incoming freshman in CoE computer science who just learned about his course requirements and is overwhelmed and is unclear on whichs classes fill which requirements, He logs onto the app using his UCSB credentials, and selects his major from a dropdown. A list of major requirements is presented to him, and he is able to view, for each requirement, a list of classes satisfying that requirement..
- Jacqueline is an 18 year old first year at UCSB and she is currently undeclared but is deciding between three majors. She wants to take her time to decide so she will declare a major fall quarter of her second year but she is worried that she might not graduate on time if she doesn't declare soon as she has no idea what her 4-year plan will look like. As well as this, she gets overwhelmed easily so she doesn't want to take more than three courses per quarter. She wants a way to make three different 4-year plans for each potential major and to see the workload of each major and how long it will take to graduate for each major
- Jeff Seinfeld, 19 years old, would like to double-major, but is overwhelmed by having to figure out what classes he needs to take in order to get both degrees on time. Jeff uses out website, where it is much easier to schedule a comprehensive 4-year or even 5-year plan.
- Michel is stressed because his pastime is tomorrow. One of his major classes is full and he wants to make a substitution with one of his future classes. He uses the quick copy feature to copy a version of his plan and pastes it into an email. His counselor emails back and tells him the substitution checks out and will not effect his degree progression.